Python: Port py/weak-crypto-key to use type-tracking (#5075)
github/codeql: python/change-notes/2021-02-02-port-weak-crypto-key-query.md

lgtm,codescanning

> * Ported _Use of weak cryptographic key_ (`py/weak-crypto-key`) query to use new type-tracking approach instead of points-to. This might result in some difference in results being found, but overall this should result in a more robust and accurate analysis.
> * Renamed the query file for _Use of weak cryptographic key_ (`py/weak-crypto-key`) from `WeakCrypto.ql` to `WeakCryptoKey.ql` (in the `python/ql/src/Security/CWE-326/` folder), which could impact custom query suites that include/exclude this query by using it's path.

Reviewer: A couple of small suggestions:

```suggestion
* Updated _Use of weak cryptographic key_ (`py/weak-crypto-key`) query to use the new type-tracking approach instead of points-to analysis. You may see differences in the results found by the query, but overall this change should result in a more robust and accurate analysis.
* Renamed the query file for _Use of weak cryptographic key_ (`py/weak-crypto-key`) from `WeakCrypto.ql` to `WeakCryptoKey.ql` (in the `python/ql/src/Security/CWE-326/` folder). This will affect any custom query suites that include or exclude this query using its path.
```

Author: That all looks good to me, thanks :+1:
